
Paul O'Connell

Squamish, British Columbia v8b0m6
Phone: 604 938 3510
E-Mail: p_ollie@hotmail.com

Professional Summary

Solution-driven professional excelling in highly collaborative work environment, finding solutions to challenges and focused on customer satisfaction. Proven experience developing consumer-focused web sites using HTML, CSS, JQuery, React Redux and JavaScript. Experience building products for desktop, phone and mobile app users, meeting highest standards for web design, user experience, best practices, usability and speed. Responding to challenges by designing and developing solutions and building web applications aligned to customer's needs. Translating solutions into code and working across many different resources.

Skills

Design patterns and principles
Technical analysis
Software best practices
Agile workflow processes
Web user interfaces
Audiovisual production and editing
Software testing

Troubleshooting
Programming
Technical support
Project management
Daily Team oversight
Regular Data collection and analysis
Fluent in multiple Programming Languages

Work History

October 2018 to Current
Project - Product Knowledge Web App Squamish, British Columbia
Web Developer    

Determined objectives and coding requirements for site creation..
This site is a Web app which delivers detailed information about every ski and snowboard in the Test Center Fleet.
Created site layout and user interface using HTML and CSS practices to aid staff members and Guests understand which ski or board to try and buy.
Tested website and performed troubleshooting prior to deployment.
Designed sites to be compatible with top browsers, including Firefox, Chrome and Safari.
Used various technologies, including streaming video, HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuerry, to optimize and make code repairs on website.
Designed, implemented and monitored web pages of the app for continuous improvement.
Maintained and supported both Apple Macintosh and Windows PC for end users.

November 2009 to Current
Whistler Blackcomb Whistler, British Columbia
Retail Manager    

Manager of two Business Units with 4 buildings and 15 staff performing 4 different lines of work: 2 Retail Test Centers, 2 Rental Switching /Service centers, 2 tuning Repair Centers and a secured storage facility.
Trained all team members in successful strategies to meet operational and sales targets.
Established and optimized schedules across 3 locations to keep coverage and service in line with forecasted demands.
Managed all aspects of store operations, including organization, payroll, inventory control, cash handling and purchasing functions.
Coordinated conferences with store associates to communicate sales and customer service goals.
Offered hands-on assistance to customers, assessing needs and maintaining current knowledge of consumer preferences.
Oversaw employee performance, corrected problems and increased efficiency to maintain productivity and employee engagement targets.
Supported professional development of team members and supervisors at all levels to place knowledgeable candidates in leadership roles, and develop new leaders in transient workforce.
Built talented and valuable teams of departmental employees through outstanding mentoring, coaching and teaching skills and co-operation of staff in all four of my buildings.
Answered questions about store policies and concerns to support positive customer experiences.
Helped customers locate appropriate store locations of [Type] products, answered questions about products and provided solutions for various [Type] issues.
Increased employee satisfaction and engagement over +30% through building a cohesive team and cross training staff.
Liaised with sales, marketing and management teams to develop solutions and accomplish shared objectives.
Implemented logistic controls designed to reduce overall shrinkage.
Completed routine store inventories and follow-up.
Resolved customer service issues promptly.
Submitted reports to senior management to aid in business decision-making and planning.

Education

October 2019 Code Camp Online
Front End Library Certification Computer Science And Programming 

September 2018 Code Camp Online
Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures Cert Computer Sciende 

September 2017 Code Camp Online
Responsive Web Design Certification Computer Science And Programming 

TRU Kamloops BC
Some College (No Degree) Computer Science 

Continuing education towards Computer Science degree
Courses include C++, Java, Html and CSS
Covered electives in Macro and Micro Economics, financial and managerial Accounting, and psychology.
Working towards C.S. degree - switched from Electrical Engineering @ Carleton University

